docs(examples): Add Remix Auth with FormStrategy example (#1367)
remix-run/remix: examples/remix-auth/form/README.md

# Remix Auth - FormStrategy

This adds an example using [Remix Auth](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-auth) with the [FormStrategy](https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-auth-form) to do authentication with an email and password.

## Preview

Open this example on [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.com):

> [![Open in codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/remix-run/remix/tree/main/examples/remix-auth/form)

Reviewer: Would it make more sense for the directory to be called "email and password"?

```suggestion
[![Open in codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/remix-run/remix/tree/main/examples/remix-auth/email-and-password)
```

Author: The strategy is called FormStrategy, you don't necessarily need to use email and password, you could use it to also do username + password, or maybe add a third field.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha 👍

## Example

> Describe the example and how it demonstrates solving the problem. Reference any relevant files/dependencies if needed.

Reviewer: TODO :)

## Related Links

> Link to documentation or other related examples.

Author: I still have to write this
